ACM-1920 Add mirrorRegistryRef (#4535)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: multicluster_engine/cluster_lifecycle/create_infra_env.adoc

    resources:
      requests:
        storage: <fs_volume_size>
  mirrorRegistryRef:
    name: <mirror-config>

>   imageStorage:

Reviewer: Additional optional field:
```suggestion
  unauthenticatedRegistries:
    - <unauthenticated_registry>
  imageStorage:
```
Description:
```
Replace `unauthenticated_registry` with a registry you're using that doesn't require authentication
```

More information:
https://github.com/openshift/assisted-service/blob/master/docs/operator.md#image-registries-without-authentication

      url: "<iso_url>"
      cpuArchitecture: "x86_64"
----
+

> Replace `mirror-config` with the path to your mirror registry. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `mirror-config` with the name of the ConfigMap containing your mirror registry config. 
```

Reference document: https://github.com/openshift/assisted-service/blob/master/docs/operator.md#mirror-registry-configuration

Reviewer: Additionally, an extra step to define/create the mirror registry ConfigMap might be needed.

Something along the lines of:
Create a ConfigMap with the mirror registry configuration containing its _ca-bundle.crt_ and _registries.conf_

```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: <mirror-config>
  namespace: "<infrastructure-operator-namespace>"
  labels:
    app: assisted-service
data:
  ca-bundle.crt: |
    -----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----
    certificate contents
    -----END CERTIFICATE-----

  registries.conf: |
    unqualified-search-registries = ["registry.access.redhat.com", "docker.io"]

    [[registry]]
       prefix = ""
       location = "quay.io/edge-infrastructure"
       mirror-by-digest-only = false

       [[registry.mirror]]
       location = "mirror1.registry.corp.com:5000/edge-infrastructure"
EOF
```

Note: the ConfigMap must be in the same namespace as the infrastructure operator
